Created, updated new page in MQ (#73)
mulesoft/docs-mq: modules/ROOT/pages/mq-audit-logs.adoc

= Anypoint MQ Audit Logs
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../assets/images/

The Anypoint Platform audit logging service logs Anypoint MQ actions on queues,
exchanges, and client applications.

With the *Organization Administrator* or *Audit Log Viewer* role, you can access the audit logs relevant to your business group from the *Audit Log* page in Access Management or using the Audit Log REST API.

For example, you might use the audit logs to determine:

* All Anypoint MQ actions of a user
* All Anypoint MQ actions on an object, such as a queue or exchange

[NOTE]
--
The audit logging service doesn't record the following as auditable actions:

* Sending, receiving, or browsing messages
* Failed Anypoint MQ operations
--

== Access Anypoint MQ Audit Logs

To access Anypoint MQ audit logs:

. Log in to Anypoint Platform.
. Click *Access Management* in the left navigation bar or the main Anypoint Platform screen.

> . From the *Access Management* menu on the left, select *Audit Logs*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. From the *Access Management* navigation menu, select *Audit Logs*.
```
